# CSE 110 Group 39 Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Type:

Group Meeting - Pitch

## Meeting Goal:

Group members work on their assigned part of the pitch assignment.

## Attendance

- [x] Will
- [x] Vladimir
- [x] Harry
- [x] Jacky
- [x] Justin
- [x] Logan
- [x] Mingyi
- [x] Randi
- [x] Ryan
- [x] Tanya

## Agenda

1. [Shapeup](https://basecamp.com/shapeup)

- Any question or thought about Shapeup?
- Shaping is primarily design work. The shaped concept is an interaction design viewed from the user’s perspective. It defines what the feature does, how it works, and where it fits into existing flows.

2. Pitch

   _The **pitch document** should contain the topics of **risks and rabbit holes** as well as a **visual representation** of what you are doing in the form of system diagrams and wireframes. However, our pitch should also have a **statement of purpose** as well as a section on **user personas**. The pitch may take the form of a slide deck (PDF) of no more than 16 slides or a document (PDF file) of no more than 8 pages._

- Group members report their progress of their assigned work.
- Internal Documentation: [ADR (Architectural Decision Records)](https://adr.github.io/madr/)

## Things Discussed

1. Read Shapeup
2. Talk about Pitch requirement
3. Review Statement of Purpose
4. Mix "five ingredients" with Canvas requirement
5. Folks who have not finished their part of the assignment need to push harder

## To be Done

1. [Pitch Requirement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LF4NpXGQUJC90t-SIQGa2LHOEYkbGk_7KShogXaqtNU/edit?usp=sharing)

   - [ ] Rules and rabbit holes (Randi, Justin)
     - Does this require new technical work we’ve never done before?
     - Are we making assumptions about how the parts fit together?
     - Are we assuming a design solution exists that we couldn’t come up with ourselves?
     - Is there a hard decision we should settle in advance so it doesn’t trip up the team?
   - [ ] Visualization (mingyi, tanya)
     - System diagrams
     - Wireframe
   - [x] Statement of purpose (Logan, Jacky) - done
   - [ ] User personas (mingyi, tanya)
   - [ ] Appetite + no-gos (Ryan Harry)

2. Five ingredients (from Shapeup)

   1. Problem
   2. Appetite
   3. Solution
   4. Rabbit holes
   5. No-gos

3. Mobile or desktop? Javascript lib?
