# CSE 110 Group 39 Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Type:
Group Meeting - Code

## Meeting Goal:
The second meeting about coding. 

## Attendance
- [x] Will
- [x] Vladimir
- [x] Harry
- [x] Jacky
- [x] Justin
- [x] Logan
- [x] Mingyi
- [x] Randi
- [ ] Ryan (sick)
- [x] Tanya

## Agenda 
1. Measure app performance: **Response** (process events in under 50ms) and **Load**(deliver content and become interactive in under 5 seconds)
    - Both can be manually measured using Chrome DevTools. Load : In the performance tab, click "Start profiling and reload page" and look at the "Summary" tab for page loading time. Response : In the performance tab, click "Record"; interact somehow with the website (e.g. click the button); click "Stop"; look at the "Event Log" tab for the corresponding event. You can search for a particular event (e.g. onclick) in the "Filter" textfield.
2. Frontend (Mingyi)
    1. Figma
    2. All pages (html & css)
    3. Visual, bug (Justin)
    4. Comments
    5. Spacing, Home button, Search bar, switch page, rename the file
3. Backend
    1. Json
    2. Js for all pages (load, save)
    3. Available store feature
    4. Page direction

## Things Discussed
1. Show all pages (HTML & CSS)
2. Mingyi - frontend lead; Jacky - backend lead. Leads are responsible to distribute tasks evenly and make sure each member has completed their assigned tasks before the next meeting. 
3. Frontend: go over all pages, giving feedback
4. Backend: assign tasks

## To be Done
1. Frontend: 
    - Add comments
    - Change spacing to relative (instead of fixed) on some page (`preset customize`)
    - Add home button on every page
    - Add search bar on `preset-list`
    - Modify `preset-list` for more than 3 presets
    - Rename some files to keep things simple and intuitive
    - Justin: polish the design of each page, reduce potential bugs
2. Backend: 
    - Work on all Js files for each page (about 2 Js per person)
      - All testing data are stored in the JSON file
      - Each page needs to load data (such as loading presets recipe)
      - Each page needs to store data if modified in the page
      - When clicked continue/previous button, directe to the correct page. The order can be found on figma
    - Work on the "available store" feature on `review recipe` creatively