# CSE 110 Group 39 Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Type:

Group Meeting - Code

## Meeting Goal:

The fifth meeting about coding. Starting the third sprint.

## Attendance

- [x] Will
- [x] Vladimir
- [x] Harry
- [x] Jacky
- [x] Justin
- [x] Logan
- [x] Mingyi
- [x] Randi
- [x] Ryan
- [x] Tanya

## Agenda

1. Break News: our app is deployed at [here](https://alien-traveler.github.io/cse110-fa22-group39/source/webapp/)
2. Our current JS docs are at [here](https://alien-traveler.github.io/cse110-fa22-group39/docs/)
   - note: this is not a permanent doc, every new commit on the stage or main branch will replace that
3. A few things from the [retrospective](./112922-retrospective-2.md) feedback:
   - Great work at stage 2!
   - We will keep the to-do list
   - More check ins from the team leads
   - Communication is the key! Responding to messages on slack is important.
   - More people should be actively involved by finishing their assigned tasks earlier and more timely.
4. Next week? Testing for sure, lots of UI tests and some unit tests. (Ryan & Harry) Test on every option (UI).
5. Testing -> fixing bugs. More corporation between testing ppl and developing ppl
6. Pipeline: auto testing (ex. Jest, Tape, Ava, Cypress, Mocha/Chai, etc.)
7. Error handling & Use of 3rd Party JavaScript monitoring services (lab from last week)

## Things Discussed

1. Fixing bugs:
   - back-arrow bug (after create a recipe, click back arrow can save the same recipe twice)
   - attribute needs the same id and name
   - deploy issues (link not working -> repush to stage branch with github action)
2. Vladimir: Final Video
3. Uploading tests to github

## To be Done

1. Ask: assignments(final interview, indivi retro, ADR, public/private video), goto link
2. Final Interview: the general proj and midterms. Know what you did, specific,
3. Pipeline: auto testing (ex. Jest, Tape, Ava, Cypress, Mocha/Chai, etc.)
4. Error handling & Use of 3rd Party JavaScript monitoring services (lab from last week)
